Native interop rewrite (#13462)
flutter/website: sites/docs/src/content/platform-integration/android/compose-activity.md

        androidTestImplementation(platform("androidx.compose:compose-bom:2023.08.00"))
        androidTestImplementation("androidx.compose.ui:ui-test-junit4")
        debugImplementation("androidx.compose.ui:ui-tooling")
implementation "androidx.core:core-ktx:1.10.1"
implementation "androidx.lifecycle:lifecycle-runtime-ktx:2.6.1"
implementation "androidx.activity:activity-compose"
implementation platform("androidx.compose:compose-bom:2024.06.00")
implementation "androidx.compose.ui:ui"
implementation "androidx.compose.ui:ui-graphics"
implementation "androidx.compose.ui:ui-tooling-preview"
implementation "androidx.compose.material:material"
implementation "androidx.compose.material3:material3"
testImplementation "junit:junit:4.13.2"
androidTestImplementation "androidx.test.ext:junit:1.1.5"
androidTestImplementation "androidx.test.espresso:espresso-core:3.5.1"
androidTestImplementation platform("androidx.compose:compose-bom:2023.08.00")
androidTestImplementation "androidx.compose.ui:ui-test-junit4"
debugImplementation "androidx.compose.ui:ui-tooling"
debugImplementation "androidx.compose.ui:ui-test-manifest"

>     }

Reviewer: This is a valid suggestion, it duplicates the dependencies block

Adding this functionality requires making several changes to
your Flutter app and its internal, generated Android app.

There are two ways to do it: Either using `jnigen` or Method Channels.

## Overview of launching Activities using `jnigen`

> On the Flutter side, you will need to create Dart bindings for various Android APIs 
> and call them using Dart code. This will involve setting up `jni`, `jnigen`,
> and a configuration file describing the generated output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the Flutter side, you need to create Dart bindings for various Android APIs 
and call them using Dart code. This involves setting up `jni`, `jnigen`,
and a configuration file describing the generated output.
```

On the Android side, you will need to make some modifications to some Android build
files to account for Compose views and a new `Activity`. 

The [code][] for this version is available on Github.

> [code]:https://github.com/flutter/demos/tree/main/native_interop_demos/android_launch_activity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[code]: {{site.github}}/flutter/demos/tree/main/native_interop_demos/android_launch_activity
```

## Overview of launching Activities using Method Channels

> On the Flutter side, you will need to create a new

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the Flutter side, you need to create a new
```

platform method channel and call its `invokeMethod` method.

> On the Android side, you will need to register a matching native `MethodChannel`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the Android side, you need to register a matching native `MethodChannel`
```

Not all Android activities use Jetpack Compose, but
this tutorial assumes you want to use Compose.

## Launch Activity Using Native Interop (`jnigen`)

### On the command line

On the commandline, add `jnigen` as a development dependency

> and `jni` as a runtime dependency. `jnigen` will be used to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and `jni` as a runtime dependency. `jnigen` is used to
```

generate Dart bindings and then when the app is run, `jni`

> will execute them. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
executes them. 
```

```sh
flutter pub add jnigen --dev
flutter pub add jni
```

### On the Dart side

> In your dart code, create jnigen.dart file specifying the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In your dart code, create a `jnigen.dart` file specifying the
```

bindings you will be generating.

First, run the following command to build the app and make
available the files needed to execute code generation.

```sh
flutter build apk
```

In a new file `tool/jnigen.dart`, add the following code.

```dart
import 'dart:io';

import 'package:jnigen/jnigen.dart';

void main(List<String> args) {
  final packageRoot = Platform.script.resolve('../');
  generateJniBindings(
    Config(
      outputConfig: OutputConfig(
        dartConfig: DartCodeOutputConfig(
          path: packageRoot.resolve('lib/gen/android.g.dart'),
          structure: OutputStructure.singleFile,
        ),
      ),
      androidSdkConfig: AndroidSdkConfig(addGradleDeps: true),
      classes: [
        // provided by Android OS
        'android.os.Bundle',
        'android.content.Intent',
        'android.content.Context'
      ],
    ),
  );
}
```

Execute `dart run tool/jnigen.dart` to generate the Dart bindings.

> With the bindings generated, we can directly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the bindings generated, you can directly do the following
```

import 'package:jni/jni.dart';

// Context.fromReference ensures we get Android Context object
// rather than the default `JObject`
var context = native.Context.fromReference(Jni.androidApplicationContext.reference);

void main() {
  runApp(const MainApp());
}

class MainApp extends StatelessWidget {
  const MainApp({super.key});

  // SECTION 2: START COPYING HERE
  void _launchAndroidActivity() {

    var intent = native.Intent.new$1(context, native.SecondActivity.type.jClass);
    intent.addFlags(native.Intent.FLAG_ACTIVITY_NEW_TASK);
    intent.putExtra$18('message'.toJString(), 'Hello from Flutter'.toJString());
    context.startActivity(intent);

    intent.release();

}
  // SECTION 2: END COPYING HERE

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return MaterialApp(
      home: Scaffold(
        body: const Center(child: Text('Hello World!')),
        floatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton(
          // SECTION 3: Call `_launchAndroidActivity` somewhere.
          onPressed: _launchAndroidActivity,

          // SECTION 3: End
          tooltip: 'Launch Android activity',
          child: const Icon(Icons.launch),
        ),
      ),
    );
  }
}

```

> ### On the Android Side

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### On the Android side
```
